docs: Add automocking & webhook integration documentation (#144)
SmartBear/swaggerhub-cli: examples/integrations/README.md

* **outputFile**: If target is the YAML/JSON definiton, this is the filename for the generated definition.
* **enabled**: Enables the integration, if set to `false` the integration will be saved but will not execute. Default value is `true`.

## Webhook Integration
* **name**: Display name of the integration. Must be unique among all integrations configured for the given API version.
* **configType**: "WEBHOOK" is used to create a Webhook integration.
* **url**: URL to send notification.
* **contentType**: Content type of notification. Must be "application/json" or "application/x-www-form-urlencoded".
* **lifecycleEvents**: The lifecycle events that will trigger webhook. This is a list from the options: "API_SAVED", "API_PUBLISHED".

> * **additionalHeaders**: 'Custom HTTP headers to be sent with webhook notifications. Use the format "name: value" for each header.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **additionalHeaders**: Custom HTTP headers to be sent with webhook notifications. Use the format "name: value" for each header.
```
